Li/add notification examples (#50)
vendia/examples: features/share/notifications/success-notification/aws-firehose/README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vendia.net/">
    <img src="https://www.vendia.net/images/logo/black.svg" alt="vendia logo" width="250px">
  </a>
</p>

> # Receive Success Notifications Through Kinese Firehoses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Receive Success Notifications Through Kinesis Data Firehose
```

## Purpose

> This is a guide on how to set up success notifications on aws firehose. Note that all notification examples include 2 parts: UI Setup & GraphQL setup. Readers don't have to go through both cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a guide on how to set up success notifications on Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Note that all notification examples include 2 parts: UI Setup & GraphQL setup. Readers don't have to go through both cases.
```

Author: I would love to hear story about that.

# Prerequisites
* Completed the setup in accordance with this [README.md](../../README.md)
* AWS account with enough access to create firehose and adding subscription for SNS
* AWS CLI v2.8.7 Note: Versions are not hard requirement but could potentially cause issues.

> * Basic knowledge of AWS firehose, S3, and IAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Basic knowledge of Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, S3, and IAM.
```
